two men arrested on suspicion of fraud
bartoli gives a free kick hit
it were two emanuelson hits with the left one flowing through
he has had it for a year
not to weigh a strange competition more than the year before
ajax after that fall
he sees louis suarez
flawless
goalkeeper ruud boffin
and ajax
very quickly back to the previous week against vvv louis de solar
though the world
names that we need to get away from here when depth is waiting for a few
shoes all over the world suares
suarez has been held the longest
No
it fixes the error error not salary fixed the club gets yellow
m the penalty kick it is therefore for ajax
there really is
but one duel that happened
the holding is on the edge of the penalty area
a month ago, the ball landed on the dot after a clearly false name
being able
send van der wiel
louis suarez
follows a second
within five minutes
it is already 2 0
in the ninth minute
it is this competition only the chances for ajax
suarez has taken advantage of the penalty kick
N / A pair
very early reports
because we don't
because nothing to turn out
well now what it says about ajax
an effective all chances so is in it
and the magazine maartje voor vvv that very weakly defending nothing to do
to turn
but while 3 0 from within twelve minutes
what a dream start for
through the turns is true
what you come soon there is no offside well
customers who focus on emanuelson
did you see anything
an attack by the center no offside
ball on this 7
and then
the decision comes to something to play the ball
that man can be stupid and very easily finish it
this season's biggest win was at home against nac breda september 13
from the previous year 6 0
three times the hospital
the victim could go
timisela
le mans
suares must be careful there is suarez suarez with number five
the salary that is above
she says that at least it can be concluded
in the back at the tourist office
ajax does not even have to put that long vvv helps Amsterdammers after
monster victory
Arriving in Amsterdam this afternoon is of course tinkering with the rest
this is also a lot of speed short and again that can not be so hot
it is itself also makes it doing that fab
and so it is 5 0 before the break
football because nothing
suarez shot free for the goal because nothing
because there is something wrong with it because it is not itself
the 6 0
first goal in the second half marko pantelic state is a second
this was negative
he finally decided to finish myself and that's how it is and 6 0 and
anp marko pantelic 6 is responsible for this
show
the direction
in short the good reluctance outdoor space pantelic she became third
plantronics president
the cpb
for ajax
since the launch this season
in the competition the swimming pool is the only one I think is very bad again
and ajax played very well
the honor hit for customers nothing on indication of the central defender Jan
vertonghen